Update AC: 0081-sucm-005 (#1819)
vegaprotocol/specs: protocol/0081-SUCM-successor_markets.md

It is possibly to cancel a [perpetual futures](./0053-PERP-product_builtin_perpetual_future.md) market via governance and propose a new perpetual futures market as a successor of the aforementioned cancelled / to be cancelled with different `market_decimal_places` and `position_decimal_places`; the LPs virtual stakes are carried over (<a name="0081-SUCM-015" href="#0081-SUCM-015">0081-SUCM-015</a>).

> Two proposals that name the same parent can be submitted. Both can be approved by governance. The proposed market that clears the opening auction first gets the share of the insurance pool and the virtual stakes get carried over. Once the first market clears the opening auction the other market is "Rejected" and all LP funds will be released.  (<a name="0081-SUCM-005" href="#0081-SUCM-005">0081-SUCM-005</a>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two proposals that name the same parent can be submitted. Both can be approved by governance. The proposed market that clears the opening auction first gets the share of the insurance pool and the virtual stakes get carried over. Once the first market clears the opening auction the other market is "Rejected" and all assets committed into LP bond accounts will be immediately released orders placed into opening auction cancelled and the assets held for any party to support the orders released.  (<a name="0081-SUCM-005" href="#0081-SUCM-005">0081-SUCM-005</a>).
```
